# calculator

//First Thoughts//

Well I finally start my final project from the foundations section on TOP. I'm proud of myself for making it this far. I was working and babysitting during the summer so I have no idea how I made it here but I did. I know my commit habits have still been lackluster. Once again I'm going to try to improve them here. For me it goes full circle because the first project I tried creating back in 11th grade was a calculator. I gave up because I had no idea what I was doing. Here I am tackling the challenge once again but this time I do not count on giving up. Welp here I go!

//Final Thoughts//

So....I did it. A little different from how TOP wanted it, I think, but I kind of like how my version came out. The calculator follows the rules of pemdas or mdas, since the calculator does not have any parentheses or exponents. Although it's a very limited calculator I am happy with how it came out. Coding was still a mess, especially when it came down to keyboard functionality and adding the hovering and clicking effects but in the end they worked. I feel like my commit messages were better, except when it came to adding the keyboard functionality or the equals button. I feel like I finally completed the goal I started all the way back in 11th grade. The calculator is complete. However there is still a long way to go. I don't think I am going to have enough time for the Odin Project after the foundations course because I am going to college but I hope to improve in my programming while I am there. My journey in coding has only just begun! Bye Bye Calculator.